Cooling fan setup (#26)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_power_control/README.md

## ROS Nodes

### fan_controller_node.py

> Observes internal temperatures of the robot and turns on and off builting cooling fan. Fan is turned on based on internal computer CPU temperature and motor driver temperature. Available since Panther version 1.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observes internal temperatures of the robot and turns on and off the built-in cooling fan. The fan is turned on based on the internal computer CPU temperature and motor driver temperature. Available since Panther version 1.2.
```

- `/panther/hardware/fan_enabled` [*std_msgs/Bool*]: feedback if fan is currently turned on.
- `/panther/system_status` [*panther_msgs/SystemStatus*]: information about internal computer temperature.

#### Services subscribed

- `/panther/hardware/fan_enable` [*std_srvs/SetBool*]: turns on and off internal fan.

#### Parameters

- `~cpu_fan_on_temp` [*float*, default: **70.0**]: temperature in **deg C** of CPU, above which the fan is turned on.
- `~cpu_fan_off_temp` [*float*, default: **60.0**]: temperature in **deg C** of CPU, below which the fan is turned off.
- `~driver_fan_on_temp` [*float*, default: **45.0**]: temperature in **deg C** of any drivers above which the fan is turned on.
- `~driver_fan_off_temp` [*float*, default: **35.0**]: temperature in **deg C** of any drivers below which the fan is turned off.
- `~hysteresis` [*float*, default: **60.0**]: minimum time of work before turning off the fan.
- `~cpu_window_len` [*int*, default: **6**]: length of moving average used to smooth out temperature readings of CPU.
- `~driver_window_len` [*int*, default: **6**]: length of moving average used to smooth out temperature readings of each driver.

> In movind acerage is updated at each time step. In oder to modify the averaging 

Reviewer: There are few spelling errors but I would remove this sentence anyway
